This course has three main sections,
an introduction to object oriented programming,
a more advanced lesson on object oriented programming
and a lesson preparing you for the course's final project.
In the introduction to object oriented programming,
you'll learn about classes,
which are the fundamental building blocks of object-oriented programming in C++.
Classes evolved from a related type called structures or structs.
So you'll learn what distinguishes classes from structs.
The introductory lesson will conclude with two of
the most important theoretical concepts of
object oriented programming, encapsulation and abstraction.
You'll learn what these concepts mean and you'll practice implementing them in C++.
When we move to the advanced lesson,
we'll start with two more important object oriented concepts,
inheritance and polymorphism.
Polymorphism in particular can be implemented in several different ways
and you'll build multiple approaches like overriding and overloading.
We'll conclude with exercises on templates in generic programming,
which help make your code reusable in many different contexts.
You don't want to repeat yourself,
if you don't have to.
We're about to learn a lot together.